frontend/README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/api-reference/cli/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/optimizing/fonts) to automatically optimize and load [Geist](https://vercel.com/font), a new font family for Vercel.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/deploying) for more details.

Commit message:

update readme and backend url

frontend/README.md, after:

# AI Knowledge Assistant Frontend

## Local Development

1. **Start your backend** (make sure it's running on http://localhost:8000).
2. In this `frontend` directory, copy `.env.local.example` to `.env.local` (or create it if missing):
   ```sh
   cp .env.local.example .env.local
   ```
3. Set the backend URL in `.env.local`:
   ```env
   NEXT_PUBLIC_BACKEND_URL=http://localhost:8000/api/query
   ```
4. Start the Next.js dev server:
   ```sh
   npm run dev
   ```
5. Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to use the chat UI.

## Vercel Deployment

1. Push your code to GitHub (or your Vercel-connected repo).
2. On Vercel, set the environment variable in your project settings:
   - `NEXT_PUBLIC_BACKEND_URL` = `https://<your-backend-domain>/api/query`
3. Deploy the project. Vercel will use the correct backend URL for production.

## Environment Variables
- `NEXT_PUBLIC_BACKEND_URL`: The full URL to your backend `/api/query` endpoint. Set this for both local and production as needed.

---

- The frontend will automatically use the correct backend URL based on the environment variable.
- If `NEXT_PUBLIC_BACKEND_URL` is not set, it defaults to `http://localhost:8000/api/query` for local development.
